The third question is: where do those who follow the Tan
Dieu lineage go after death?  After watching
your video about Tan Dieu Pagoda,
I also saw a clip of Tan Dieu Pagoda
responding to your question.  The abbot of
Tan Dieu Pagoda said that although she
told the Buddhists that the Buddhist prophecy was
fabricated, she unintentionally created a lot of
merit because her words made
other Buddhists curious to visit the
Tan Dieu Zen Buddhist website.  They attained great enlightenment
.  Many people
were granted the essence of Zen Buddhism because of that reason.  So,
did she know this?
Today I will speak about a part of this to
see whether those who come here are blessed
or sinful.  When I talk about this, it's
not about whether saying
this will be beneficial or harmful.  For example,
people say that using drugs will lead to
death or imprisonment.  Did this person say
that to advertise drugs
?  If people are talking about the
dangers of drugs, how can you say that
they are doing so to encourage drug use?
If I also point out the dangers of the
New Zen school, how can anyone say
that the New Zen school can develop?
I'm speaking with full evidence, so
how can we possibly allow it to develop?
This only happens to those who are completely blinded by delusion
.  Today I will explain it clearly
once again.  Considering the cause and effect, this is evident
in the words of Mr. Nguyen Nhan, a
disciple practicing the Tan Dieu Zen school and the
Tathagata Pure Zen school.  Yen will
examine this through the lens of cause and effect to see
where they go after death.  Let's see
what benefits these people gain from practicing asceticism here.  So
I'll divide this section into four parts.
Firstly, the Tan Dieu Zen school falsely accuses the
Arhats of still clinging to rigid beliefs.   The
second part is the
distortion of Nirvana by the New Zen school.  The third part is the New
Zen school's denigration of saints,
saying that even saints are subject to the rule
of gods.   The
fourth point concerns the New Zen school's fabrication of mythical tales,
falsely accusing saints of being
unfortunate and slandering them.  I
will explain that this cause and effect is
answered according to the secret scriptures, which contain 40 highly
confidential sections.  I'm analyzing this section, which
is section 37. Section 37, out of 40
top-secret sections, is
entirely about Arhats, the
highest of the four stages of liberation
in Buddhism.
First, Yen will read about the karmic consequences of
slandering a saint, and then she will
analyze the mystery of slandering a saint for the public to hear
.   The
Bhikkhu Cūpa Sutra.  This is an old Buddhist scripture
that we have already studied.   At
one time, the Buddha resided in the Jeta Grove in
Sravasti.  At that time, a Pali monk came
to the Buddha, bowed respectfully, and
said: "Venerable Lord, the two monks
Sariputta and Moggallana have committed evil deeds and
wicked acts."  The Buddha heard this and said to the monk
Koba: "Do not speak like that. Instead,
cultivate a joyful heart towards the Tathagata. The
monks Sariputta and Moggallana performed
purely good deeds; there was no evil involved."  The monk
Kubani said the same thing a second time,
and the Buddha replied in the same way.   For
the third time, the monk Kuba said to the Buddha,
"The Tathagata speaks the truth; I am not lying,
but the monks Sariputta and
Moggallana are doing very evil deeds and have no
good roots."  The Buddha said, "You are a foolish person
, not believing the words of the Tathagata, that the
monks Sariputta and Moggallana were doing
very evil deeds, without any good roots. Now you have
uttered this evil speech, and you will soon suffer the
consequences." At that time, the monk Calibali bowed to the
Buddha and withdrew. Not long after,
boils appeared on his body, at first small like grains of
sand, then growing larger like peas, then corn kernels,
then larger like the tip of a finger, then a big toe
. Eventually, they became the size of a peach, then a fist,
bleeding profusely, causing excruciating pain and groaning. It was so hot,
so hot, he cried out in agony until he
died. That night, two gods came to the
Buddha and bowed to him. Then the first
said, "Calali has died." The second
said, "Calali has died and gone to hell."
Venerable Moggallana, hearing this and knowing that
Calibali had not long since passed away, went
to the Buddha, bowed, and asked, "
Venerable Lord, where has Calibali been reborn after death?"
The Buddha said, "He will be reborn in..."
"Lotus Hell." The
Venerable One said, "Now I wish to go there to
teach the ancient Pali." The Buddha said, "You don't
need to go there." Venerable Moggallana
said again, "I wish to go there to teach
him." The Buddha remained silent, not answering.
What did that mean? The Buddha's silence meant the
Buddha agreed.
Venerable Moggallana, from his seat,
vanished from the Jeta Grove in Savatthi and went
to the great Lotus Hell. At
that moment, the Venerable One saw a sinner being
burned alive, and a hundred oxen
plowing on his tongue. The Venerable One asked the good demon and
learned that it was the Ancient Pali.
Venerable Moggallana sat cross-legged in the
air, flicked his finger, and extinguished the fire and
stopped the oxen. And the Ancient Pali awoke. The Venerable One
said, "Look here, Ancient Pali." Ancient Pali
looked up and asked, "Who are you?" The Venerable One replied,
"Ancient Pali, I am a disciple of the Buddha Shakyamuni, my
name is Moggallana." At that moment, the Pali, upon
seeing Venerable Moggallana, uttered
evil words. Now I am  "Even in this suffering,
I cannot escape seeing him?" As soon as Venerable Ban Ni
finished speaking, the fire flared up again. A
thousand buffaloes plowed on his tongue.
Seeing this, the Venerable became even more sorrowful and
remorseful. He immediately vanished from that hell and
returned to the Buddha. After bowing, he
recounted the incident to the Buddha, who said, "I said before that there was
no need to meet that person." The Buddha then
recited a verse: "Those born in this world are struck down by the
axe from their mouths, because
evil and reprehensible words are turned into praise,
and then criticized. This sin arises from the
mouth, and death leads to hell."
The Buddha instructed the four assemblies to learn three practices to
perfect their conduct: good deeds with the body
, good words with the mouth, and good thoughts with the mind. "
You should learn these." (Excerpt from the
Anguttara Nikaya, Volume 1, Chapter Three Jewels, published
in 1997, page 363).
These two, Venerable Moggallana and Venerable Sariputta,
were Arhats. Therefore, the leper monk falsely
accused these two venerables of
doing evil without good karma, and thus
they died and fell into hell.  prison. At
that time, the Buddha knew that those who had committed
offenses against Arhats, even if they met the Buddha
or other Arhats for guidance, would
not have the karmic connection. It was said that they would
only create more karma. That is,
meeting Arhats would only lead to more sins. Therefore, the Buddha
did not go to teach Devadatta when he
committed evil deeds against the Buddha. The Buddha
only sent his disciples to teach
those under Devadatta's command.
If he had taught Devadatta himself,
he would have continued to sow evil seeds. That is the karmic
retribution that prevented him from
having the opportunity to do even a little good
. Therefore, anyone who has slandered
Arhats will not have the karmic connection
to be taught by others
. That's the extent of evil karma
. Now, let's analyze
the parts that
Mr. Nguyen Nhan fabricated in the *
Huyen Ky* (Mysterious Records) which completely slander the Arhats. That is, he
committed a crime against the
Arhats.  The text contains 40
highly confidential sections. This is section 37. Yen
analyzes it, implying that the
New Zen school falsely accuses the Arhats of clinging to their
attachments. Section 37 states that
Arhats are those who like to cultivate and attain the four
stages of Arhatship, and therefore cling to
this state. Those who diligently cultivate to attain the four stages of
Arhatship also like it, so they
cling to it and cannot achieve liberation.
That is, they cling to it.
They cling to that fruit. Therefore, they
cannot achieve liberation. Yen quotes
from the Dhammapada, the old
Buddhist scripture, the Nikaya, chapter seven, verse
90, Arhat's saying: "The liberated one no longer has
afflictions." Speaking of Arhats, they transcend
everything and attain the ultimate goal of freedom from suffering. They are
free from afflictions, all attachments are severed, only
then can they attain Arhatship.
Verse 91: "
The liberated one is no longer entangled. They
encourage their consciousness to not cling to
anything. Like a swan leaving the pond, leaving behind its
dwelling place." That is, they do not cling
to any place.  I was there. We are still
attached to houses, right? The enlightened ones are
not attached to houses. The verse above
means they no longer have any afflictions or
anxieties. That's verse 90 that Yen just
read. And here, they are not attached to
any mantras. Verse 96 describes the
conduct of a liberated being. That being
achieves liberation through right wisdom, purity
from mind to action and speech.
They have purified everything from
thought to speech to action, leaving nothing behind
. Yet, Mr. Nguyen Nhan
dared to fabricate the book "Mystical Records" with 40
secret parts written in section 37, falsely
accusing the Arhats of still
clinging to these things and therefore not achieving
liberation. Therefore, this is a sin that
inevitably leads to hell.
Yen continues by saying that
Mr. Nguyen Nhan of the Tan Dieu Zen school has a
practice method called "Tathagata Pure Meditation," which he
distorted about Nirvana. In the book "
Mystical Records," there are 40 secret parts. In section
37,
he...  He was talking about the topic:
Where are Arhats in this three realms and what do they do? That is, after
attaining Arhatship, where are they? In
this three realms, what do Arhats do?
He wrote this:
These four stages of Arhatship are created by the illusions
of gods, so they are not real. The Tathagata
teaches you about the pure state
that Arhats dwell in.
That is Nirvana, that is,
Nirvana creates an illusory shadow of yin and
yang electromagnetic energy created by the gods, due to the
desires of the Arhats.
The Tathagata also clearly explained this to you: When
a person diligently practices to
purify the body, to allow the mind to
perceive and know the past, if
the practitioner stops practicing, the gods
cannot create the illusory shadow. Immediately,
Nirvana disappears. That is, he said
that Nirvana is created by the gods.
But what is Nirvana? Nirvana is the
result of a state of mental liberation.
That is the essence of Nirvana. Buddha
Speaking of Nirvana, monks, there are two
kinds of Nirvana. What are the two? Nirvana
with remaining defilements and Nirvana without remaining defilements.
Monks, what is Nirvana with remaining defilements?
Monks, here, a monk is an Arhat,
free from all defilements, having perfected the
holy life. Having completed what needed to be done, having laid down
the burden, having attained the goal of
liberation from all defilements and fetters through right understanding. In him, the
five senses still exist because the self is
not destroyed, so he understands
what is pleasing and displeasing, and the feelings of
joy and suffering. Monks, in him, greed, hatred, and delusion are gone—
this is called Nirvana with remaining defilements
. That is, he has attained Arhatship,
but he still exists in the
world and has not yet entered Nirvana. Therefore, it is called
Nirvana with remaining defilements. Having remaining defilements means that
this body remains, with the five senses: eyes, ears,
nose, tongue, and body. That is, he still has
this body in the world, meaning he...  They
have attained Nirvana. Their minds are
pure and tranquil, so it is called Nirvana with
remaining defilements. Nirvana without remaining defilements is called Nirvana
without remaining defilements. Continuing, the Buddha taught the monks what is called Nirvana without remaining defilements. The monks here, the
monks who are Arhats, have eradicated all defilements and
perfected the holy life. They have completed what needed to be
done, laid down their burdens, achieved their
goals, eradicated all attachments, and attained liberation
through right knowledge. In these monks,
all sensations are neither joy nor pleasure, but coolness and
tranquility. These monks are called Nirvana
without remaining defilements. Monks, these are the two kinds of
Nirvana. That's how it is
. Mr. Nguyen Nhan
fabricated the idea that Nirvana was created by gods
. That's, created by the
desires of Arhats.
Therefore, if there is no one striving
anymore, that is, if there is no one...  If you
still desire the state of Arhatship, even the gods would
n't create this illusory image of Nirvana;
Nirvana would instantly disappear naturally.
Yen recounted to the crowd a story from when she was a
child. She remembered vividly that at
home, everyone in her neighborhood went down to the large water tank of the
foreign trade company to
fetch
water. The tank was built in a curved shape, with
only one hole
for people to wash it. That was
when she was little. That day,
all the kids playing together gathered
around and asked Yen how a police officer could
become a police officer.
Everyone thought about it. Then Yen
said, "It's because of our people.
They put salt in the tank,
like the one at the foreign trade company, and after
a while, they
became police officers." They all said, "Yes, that's
right,"
meaning they were all just making up an answer because they didn't know the
answer.  Who asked? Then, by evening,
Yen, who was only four years old, was
still hesitant. "I wonder if I said it
right?" she wondered. But everyone was still
very happy. It was as if someone who salted something
later became a police officer.
That night, Yen asked her mother, "Mom, is it true that
someone who salted something becomes a
police officer?" Her mother said, "If you salt it, you'll die. Police officers go to school to become police officers." The next day, Yen told
everyone, "No, you have to go to school to
become a police officer." Yen remembers it vividly because she
answered something she didn't know,
so she remembers it very well. Then she was troubled,
troubled because
her answer was just an answer she
gave to everyone, just a
childish answer. So Yen remembers vividly that she was
lying in one corner of the bed, the others in
another corner, facing the sky, her
legs dangling. Yen still remembers
answering in that state, with all
four legs dangling in the air. A
normal person  I usually make it seem like I'm a
police officer, but I'm very worried because
[laughs]
I don't know, so I just make things up. Because I make things up, I
remember things for a long time. So the next day I
immediately corrected him, saying, "This guy is the same, he
makes things up terribly, and
he doesn't even feel guilty, but I feel guilty
all the time, but this guy makes things up without any guilt at
all." [laughs]
He said that Nirvana was created by gods
for these Arhats
to live in, and if there were no one who
desired to practice Nirvana, then the gods wouldn't
create it anymore. He's even more of a liar than
when he was four years old, and he makes things up again and again without any
guilt. Nirvana is created by gods. I
have to find out what kind of people the term Arhat
in Buddhism refers to
. Then, when he says
where Arhats are, then I'll believe him. This is a
defined term. Arhat is a
term referring to those who have
completely liberated themselves from the cycle of reincarnation.  He has the title
of Arhat. So, we need to understand the
definition of the term first. For example,
what are the duties of a police officer, and how do they perform those duties to be
called a police officer? That means
we need to understand what the
common worldly language calls them. Therefore,
Arhat is a common term for
those who have escaped reincarnation, eradicated all
defilements, and attained the highest state of
Buddhahood. That's a noun. And yet, they don't even
know when to use the term
. Those who are still in the realm
created by the gods should be called master gods or
slave gods, not just called
that. So, they did
n't bother to understand the definition of the term, which is why they
fell into the situation where they believed whatever Mr. Nguyen
Nhan fabricated. There you go. The
karmic consequence is that Mr. Nguyen Nhan will
definitely go to hell, and so will everyone who follows him; they
can't get out. That's the karmic consequence of
distorting the concept of Nirvana. Next,
Yen will move on to the topic of
New Zen Buddhism.  This is a blatant insult to the saints.
It says that the saints are under the rule
of gods. Even Arhats are under the
rule of gods. This is slandering
our Buddha, slandering
our Arhats, infiltrating Buddhism,
using the name of Buddhism
to slander the Buddha's teachings, slandering the
saints within Buddhism.
The Collection of Mystical Records has 40 top-secret sections.
This section is excerpted from section 37.
Where are Arhats in the three realms and what do they do
?
This section states that
those who attain Arhatship cannot reside
within their lineage.
Why? Because the lineage of
humankind does not contain those with supernatural powers. That
is, an Arhat cannot be reborn in the
human realm. Because they possess supernatural powers, they are
not allowed to be reborn in the
human realm after death.
Therefore,
when a practitioner who has attained Arhatship finishes their human life, they must
seek refuge in the world of
gods. Gods are already called gods, mind you.
Yet, those who have attained Arhatship still
seek refuge in the world of gods. That is, the realm of gods.  The
gods rule over our Arhats
. So, will this sin lead to damnation? Absolutely
certain, damnation is
unavoidable. That's right, all those who
practice the Zen Buddhist path of the New Wonderful Tathagata Pure Zen
according to this mystical text will certainly
never escape the consequences of hell. I
dare say that those who attain the Arhat
stage, those who have
attained Arhatship, when their
time as humans ends, must seek
refuge in the world of gods.
The word "gods" already sounds lowly
. And yet, Arhats still seek
refuge in the world of gods. Truly, I respect the
Arhats. If I heard of one of them
in front of me, if I didn't
practice, I'd give them a few slaps.
[laughs] If I didn't practice, I'd
still give them a few slaps. Why?
Because excessive respect
gives rise to what? It gives rise to protection. If you
protect without wisdom, that is, if
you don't practice but know cause and effect, then
in the world, who would you protect?
We'll beat up
that opponent. So, this is the Arhat stage, and yet it's like
this. Our Arhats
are worthy of offerings, meaning gods and humans offer them
. So
what about the gods? We want to beat them
[laughs], not people
. The gods are also very respectful of the
Arhats. There are many
verses in the Buddha's teachings praising the
Arhats. But Yen only read one verse
. The Dharma is from the Nikaya,
chapter 7, Arhat verse 95: "The liberated mind
is the unmoving mind. Like the earth without
resentment, like a pillar standing firm, seemingly
untainted, that person does not reincarnate." That
is, the Arhats have escaped
reincarnation, but in what realm do the gods reside? The realm of
reincarnation. And yet they say that after attaining
Arhatship, they go to reside in the realm
of gods. There. So we know
that the New Zen school is humiliating
its own saints. Its saints
become mere lodgers, subject to their
control.  The punishment of the divine beings. That is the humiliation of
the Arhats. That's it. The crime of
humiliating the Arhats
will certainly result in hell. The next part Yen
mentioned is about the Tan
Dieu Zen sect fabricating the Mystic Chronicle to falsely accuse the
saints of being unfortunate. The
Arhats are unfortunate, meaning they have no merit. The
Mystic Chronicle has 40 secret parts. Part
37: Where are the Arhats in the three realms
and what do they do?
Continuing, the Tathagata taught them that
Arhats have no merit, so they cannot return to the
Buddha realm.
Arhats have no merit, so they cannot
go to the heavens or the Pure Land to enjoy
worldly blessings. That is to say,
Arhats have no merit, no
merit, and therefore cannot return to the Buddha realm.
That is, our Buddha realm is
called Nirvana. Yet, the
Arhats have both the
remaining Nirvana and the non-remaining Nirvana. That is, they
attained Nirvana while still in
human form. And after leaving the human body...
He entered Nirvana immediately. That means he
returned to what we call the Buddha realm
. Yet here, you are still slandering the
Buddha. The Tathagata teaches you all:
Who is the Tathagata? It's
this Mr. Nguyen Nhan who fabricated it, and
he keeps saying it's the Tathagata. He's also committing
another crime: impersonation. He says
those words are the Tathagata's
. That's his serious crime, isn't it
? He says it himself, but claims it was the
Tathagata's words. Yen continued reading the seventh chapter of the
Arhats' Dhammapada, verses
97 and 98, which speak about the merits and blessings
of the Arhats. Yen read these two verses
aloud for the congregation to hear. Wherever a saint resides,
that place is lovable. Mountains and forests or villages
, valleys or high mountains,
wherever offerings are made, that place is a pure land. This is the
explanation. "Worthy of offerings" means
worthy of receiving offerings from
gods and humans. An Arhat who has attained
enlightenment is a saint who has attained Buddhahood
. If you know how to make offerings to an Arhat...
Arhats will receive immeasurable and boundless blessings
, beyond any way of counting.
That's part of what the Buddha taught in the
poem above. This part is about
how these enlightened beings should perform their rituals. So,
Mr. Nguyen Nhan fabricated this
book of mystical teachings and falsely accused the Arhats
of lacking blessings.
Such slander has immeasurable consequences
. And yet, he tells so many
people that they naturally
have karmic debts of wrong views and slander
. The Sangha slanders the Buddha,
slanders the Dharma, slanders the Buddha—that
is, falsely claiming the Buddha spoke
these things, slandering the Buddha and the
Arhat's attainment. At the end of this life,
that person will face the consequences of their actions and hell. I will analyze
this point. Mahabharata, he also
had the karma of entering the Buddha's precepts
to learn, to practice, and to attain
Arhatship. But due to the karmic consequences of
many lifetimes, he harmed the Buddha.
Therefore, in this life, he met the Buddha to create
karma, to have his karma determined to descend to hell.
Hell. Therefore, Mr. Nguyen Nhan and
those who follow him
practice the pure meditation method of
Tan Dieu Zen Temple and possess these 40 secret teachings
. These people, in their previous lives,
committed sins against the Buddha's teachings, so in
this life, like Devadatta, they
continue to slander the Buddha and the Dharma, distorting the Dharma and falsely accusing the Arhats, thus ending their karmic
retribution by
entering hell like Devadatta and being unable to escape.
Even if a saint comes to teach them, they
have no karmic affinity to get out. They must endure
suffering until their karma is exhausted before they can escape;
no one can enlighten them
. Therefore, these people are
heavily burdened by karma. They are being
pushed around by karma, their ignorance is obscuring them,
preventing them from realizing the truth. Those with
a little good karma will have the opportunity to escape
the pure meditation method of
Tan Dieu Zen Temple and contemplate to
see the falsehoods and fabrications in
these 10 volumes of secret teachings. So today, I will
share this with the congregation.
We all understand that in
this degenerate age, there are more unwholesome beings
than wholesome beings. Therefore,
unwholesome beings enter the Buddha's teachings to
create karma and continue to suffer.
Wholesome beings, however, enter the
Buddha's teachings, learn the Dharma, and
observe the precepts, thus achieving
liberation. The degenerate age refers only to those who
committed sins in their previous lives and did
evil things against the Buddha's teachings.
Those who did many evil deeds in their previous lives
continue to do so in this life, their minds losing all
wholesome qualities and only possessing abundant unwholesome ones.
That's why it's called the degenerate age. The degenerate age
in our minds encompasses both wholesome and
unwholesome qualities. Those whose
minds are filled with much evil and wrong views are
said to have lost their wholesome qualities. "Degenerate"
means there are few wholesome qualities, not that the
Buddha's teachings are
degenerate, but rather that our minds have
too few wholesome qualities. It's
so small, like a grain of chaff or a speck of dust, that
wholesome qualities are so scarce that our
thinking is limited.  there are good deeds  He
slandered the holy monks, distorted the
Buddha's teachings, fabricated stories, and then dared to
claim that they were spoken by the Buddha.  These are people who
are in the state of moral decay, meaning they have lost all
goodness in their hearts and continue to commit evil, falling
into hell to the point where they have almost completely lost
all virtuous karma, with only a
little bit of goodness remaining. Only when they have
paid off all their karmic debts will they be able to escape
.  For example, our life expectancy
is still 30 years.  But
we've already spent 28 years in prison.  So
[laughter] our prison sentence
is already 28 years.  Therefore,
the happiness one enjoys
is so limited that it is insufficient to
enjoy in the human, animal,
and ghost realms, and one must fall into
hell.  That person is someone who has suffered
misfortune.  But the Buddha's teachings remain the same forever
.  Only those with a pure
heart will follow the path of karma and learn the
true teachings of the Buddha.
Those with malicious intentions will, according to the
law of karma, distort the teachings and ultimately harm
themselves.
[music]
H
[music] [
music] [
music] [music]
[music]
Ah.  [music]
[music] [music] [music
]
[music]
[music] [music]
H [music] [music] [music] [music]
oho
[music]
[music] [music]